My name is Xiaoyu Xie, born in China in 1999. I came to Australia when I was 19, I used to be a design student in the Deakin college, after I study half year of it I think Information system is more suitable for me, then I change my school to RMIT to study Information system. I also have part time job for 3 years since I was arrived in Australia. I used to work in supermarket, restaurant, now I am a salesperson for SmartUser, which is the company doing government programs. Those part time job experience help me improve a lot and I’m looking for practice job in the future. 

IT Tech
Robot:
In 2022, By the rapid development of science and technology, Robots are widely used in all walks of life. Robot It is widely used in manufacturing, logistics, medical industry, human life services, marine, aviation, aerospace and other fields, (Francois Schmitt 2018) it also plays a great role in automobile manufacturing and electronic manufacturing. Robot also relate to the AI, deep learning and programming. There is some of the key areas for the robot, what can be done and what can robot done in the future. 
Manufacturing:
As the go-to solution for agile order fulfillment, robotic smart parts-to-picking systems are spreading across a wide range of industries. (Zheng Wang 2021). Robots can not only move shelves but also screen raw materials or defective products to improve overall production efficiency. For example, in some industries such as the back cover of mobile phones, some processes will produce defective products, and some defective products are difficult to identify with the human eye. At this time, the robot plays a very good role in identification, and with the automated robotic arm, the defective products can be separated from the production line. 
Another example is some express industries. Robots can quickly identify the destination of each express and partition it, thereby speeding up the speed of express delivery. Take China as an example. There are many provinces in China, and there are 3,000 express packages to be sent every second. In this context, the automated express delivery industry can greatly improve express delivery efficiency and reduce repetitive manual workloads.
Another key area is CNC machine. Programming allows the robot to operate according to specified information，this is very important in automating work. Robotic arms can reduce labor and make products more accurate. Precision is particularly important for CNC machine tools, and because of this, manual engraving has inherent weaknesses, making robots irreplaceable in this industry. Robots can produce large-scale and efficient production and ensure high precision. For example, the automobile industry and the mobile phone industry require high precision and high output.
Soon, the popularity of robots in the manufacturing industry can greatly reduce the efficiency of labor and increase the efficiency of products, and products can also be produced with higher precision and reduce losses. Robots can also make people safer to produce some dangerous products such as nuclear weapons, spacecraft, etc.

medical industry:
Robots also have a very important position in the medical industry. Robotics can play a key role in four areas in the fight against infectious diseases, including clinical care, logistics, reconnaissance, continuity of work, and maintenance of socioeconomic functions (Antonio Di Lallo 2021) Before the epidemic, robots have been widely used in hotels and restaurants, and they are mainly used for the transmission of food items. During the epidemic, such robots can efficiently deliver food items to quarantined people in quarantine hotels. The participation of robots can effectively reduce the spread of the epidemic in the quarantine hotel. It can almost eliminate face-to-face contact between people, thereby increasing the efficiency and accuracy of isolation and reducing the spread of the epidemic. The cooperation of robots and AI can also effectively screen fever groups from the crowd. Compared with expensive hotel robots, such robots are more common in the epidemic. They can sense fever crowds with the help of infrared cameras and AI algorithms and notify security personnel to isolate and check the fever crowd. It can screen high-traffic people more quickly and safely. These devices are often used in the gates of residential areas, office buildings, etc.
Robots also play an important role in the field of surgery. Some operations require very high precision, such as brain surgery and neurosurgery, which require very high experience and techniques. Robots can complete operations with ultra-low errors, which can reduce the risk of surgery with lower cost. Allowing more people with relatively low incomes access to expensive and lower-risk surgeries. 
In the future, 5g technology, AI algorithms and robots can be added to the medical industry more widely, and the size of the robotic arm can be greatly reduced. People can undergo surgery in extreme outdoor conditions, or relatively low-cost surgery in poor areas.
What is the robot likely impact?
Regardless of any industry, the promotion of robots can improve efficiency and accuracy. For example, in the express industry, faster screening, sorting and delivery, higher efficiency and accuracy in the manufacturing industry, and safer and lower costs in the medical industry. Widespread use of robots could have a serious impact on employment rates, for example in the courier industry workers and drivers may be replaced, Because the robot can be responsible for tasks such as delivery of express, classified express, etc. And the robot has higher precision and lower cost of use. Workers in the production line may also be replaced by robots, because robots have lower investment, can produce products efficiently and accurately, and can even work 24 hours a day, These are things that ordinary workers cannot do. Although it is difficult for robots to threaten some jobs with high technical requirements, such as doctors and nurses, most of the jobs can be replaced by robots now or in the future. If this happens, it will greatly affect the people. income, unemployment, etc. 
Some industries cannot be done by workers, such as some high-risk jobs, or industries such as digital machine tools that are mass-produced and require high precision, The existence of robots in these aspects not only brings convenience to human beings, but also makes some impossible things possible. For example, the participation of robots in the automotive industry allows people to use safer and more reliable vehicles, reducing consumption in production. In deep-sea operations and high-temperature nuclear waste processing, the participation of robots also keeps people away from danger. 
How will this affect you? 
But on the bright side, the existence of robots can indeed provide convenience for humans, for me, the existence of robots can have many benefits. It has become impossible to eliminate the epidemic at the moment of the impact of the epidemic. However, robots can not only better screen people with fever and make our society safer, but also can to effectively reduce the spread of the epidemic, some traditional industries can be carried out in a non-face-to-face form, such as fully automatic food delivery, etc. As an IT practitioner, I can also expand my employment direction. Programming will become more and more important, and the demand for such jobs will also increase, such as AI intelligence and deep learning. For the elders at home, the existence of the robot provides great convenience. It can not only provide more medical insurance, but also make the travel of the elders more convenient. I believe that with the popularization of autonomous driving, roads will become safer in the longer term, and AI-controlled cars can also provide more protection for pedestrians and reduce the accident rate when walking at night. I believe that in the longer future, with the popularization of automatic driving, the travel of the elderly and the disabled will also be more convenient and the roads will become safer. AI-controlled cars can also provide more protection for pedestrians when walking at night.

References:
Francois Schmitt, Olivier Piccin, Laurent Barbe, Bernard Bayle. (2018) Soft Robots Manufacturing: A review. [online] 
https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/frobt.2018.00084/full [Accessed 24 April 2022]


Zheng Wang, Jiuh-Biling Sheu, Chung-Piaw Teo, Guiqin Xue.(2021) Robot Scheduling for Mobile-Rack Warehouses: Human–Robot Coordinated Order Picking Systems. [online] https://onlinelibrary-wiley-com.ezproxy.lib.rmit.edu.au/doi/full/10.1111/poms.13406 [Accessed 24 April 2022]


IT Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0vLQvJ3piE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Yw_pImUsLk

Form the youtube video by the IT professional, both of them are working as a data analyst, Data analyst is the job that dealing with customer’s data, transform them into more visible useable database. For Stefanovic and Jennfer, they are working on data dashboard updating or debugging, putting data from Excel to database. Investigating data in SQL, creating report for them. 
Most of their time they are interact with other teams, stakeholders, clients. Stefanovic interact with the stakeholders for new requirements for the existing dashboard or regrading the dash boards. Jennyfer always having meetings with cross-functional teams with their project for testing the project. Because the database need debugging and test for any issues and requirements. 
Most of the time they spend for their job is for the data. For Stefanovic they spend a lot of time for debugging the existing and new dashboard, adding features to the existing dashboard, designing new dashboard for the clients by their requirements. Jennfer spends lots of the times for the data transforming, SQL queries, database and reports. 
Most of the challenging part of their job is the data transforming. For the data analyst, they need to transform the data from excel to database. Normally data is not being moded yet for the database and data analyst cannot put the data directly in the database. Data analysts need to understand the data, design the database for those data and then transfer the data in the database. They also need to set up the SQL queries pends on the requirement of the clients. 


Project Idea
Tools + Tech:
Tools and Tech we will use for this app will be Database Java, GPS, also others like apple health. We will use java for creating the app, and we mainly focus on the mobile app that can allow the customer to calculate the carbon footprint they are creating in real-time. We will make some short cut in the home screen to let customers record their daily actions for example how many drinks of water do you drink today? how did you go to school or work? What food did you eat for a day? The app will record that information to the online database. the server will calculate the footprint in real-time and show it to the customers. GPS and apple health will record the customer's route for that day and how many steps they have for the day. We will also make some rewards to encourage users to reduce their carbon footprint, then lower the pollution overall. 
Skills:
Skills required for this app will be, java programming skills, skills in database, SQL, and skills in IOS and android. This app needs skills in app creation, the programmer will need to face the user interface design and the programming of the app, and also need to upload the information to the online database. Server skills for maintaining the customers’ data and calculating the customers’ carbon footprint, avoiding server attacks also keep the customers’ data safe. App also needs the skills of requiring the information from the customer's mobile phone, like the footsteps from apple health. Overall those are the skills required for creating the app we plan for.


Group Reflection
Overall, we are doing a great job for this group assignment, most of our team members can join the group meetings together but still, some of the members may miss one of the meetings, and we create multiple meetings for different stages of the assignment. All our team members can finish their parts for each of the stages. The only thing that needs to be improved is we may have to have a better reminder of the meeting's time. Because sometimes few team members may forget about the meeting times and miss the meeting, and we need to talk to them about what we discussed for the meetings and what things need to be done. Things that were surprising is all of the team members did a great job to finish their parts in time. Because some teamwork I done before always have someone didn’t corporate anything for the teamwork. For this assignment one thing I learned is communication, sometimes one team members need some support, and other members help them to make them is the right track also can keep the assignment at a higher mark. Github also helps us also for teamwork, Github not only can allow us to edit the website at the same time, but it also has the history feature that can allow us to roll back to the previous visions if we are making something wrong.


