Hi, my name is Haosheng (Alvin) Huang. I was born October 2003, currently 18 and originally from China however I moved to Australia at the age of 4. 
Since I moved to Australia at an early age I am not as fluent in Mandarin, but my Cantonese is slightly stronger, and I can read, write and converse better in “canto.” 
I often did go to Chinese school on the weekends to build my Chinese, but it did not work as well as I hoped, considering my Mandarin is still inadequate. 
I’m currently aiming to hit top 500 on valorant where it is my main game that i play. 
I played a lot of basketball throughout my schooling days for about 4 years where I recently stopped due to the pandemic situation. 
The only pet I ever owned was a rabbit called bun where the hardest part about owning a pet is to clean up their mess. 
I am currently a student at RMIT (Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology) studying IT (Information Technology).

Industry Data
A list of ideal job titles for some of the group members includes the majority being a software developer or software engineer. 
Based on the top IT job titles listed within the March 2018 data. 
The demand for software developers is present and has potential growth as it is listed with over 337 jobs available with software engineers being in the top 4 with over 780+ jobs available. 
Other job titles include titles like being a Graphic Designer which can be similar to an ideal job of being a games designer, 
being the top 2 jobs listed in March 2018, with 887 available jobs that are available. 
Demand listed within both the February 2018 data and March 2018 data shows that the growth for this specific title has sustained growth and is readily available and demanded by employers. 
Some other job title similarities also include service desk analyst which can have similarities to data analysts in some way or form. 
With this title being in the top 5 demanded by employers with over 730+ jobs available in the march 2018 data presented. 
From the ideal job titles which includes software developer, graphic designer and service desk analyst. 
All these jobs require teamwork/project work where communication skills are vital for success where these jobs communicate some sort of data where graphic designers in this case are visual communicators with ideas and concepts that are created by hand or using software to assist.
All these job titles also require great problem solving skills as these IT titles require good programming knowledge and ability to find and correct problems, 
identify ideas and have similar creativity. While some of the titles have their own unique set of IT skills that they must have in order to fully do their job at a satisfactory level, a lot of them do require the ability to understand programming languages like python, javascript, c++ and much more. 
Depending on the IT field all these titles explore and the requirements by the company or idea that is brought up. 
A service desk analyst requires skills that include being able to analyse data, skills that include the ability to use SQL, Statistics and Python. 
Graphic Designers require good machine learning skills where specifically Games Designers must program certain machines to follow an algorithm especially in the field of AIs when designing an AAA game that must meet the standard levels of usability, error correction and pattern. 
The general skills listed which includes having great communication, problem solving, ability to work as a team and other skills including resourcefulness and creativity are all in demand skills that employers look for especially when these skills are vital for the success of the project. 
Where the top 3 job titles listed in the burning glass statistics from March 2018 all require these skills in some form or another. 
The IT skills can fluctuate where the general IT skills required are the ability to understand some form of programming language whether it is python, html, lua etc. 
Where all these jobs demanded by employers require some form of understanding when it comes to programming language in order for the individual to fully understand any errors and correct them or do their job successfully. 
The top 3 general skills includes time management, where examples can be having good coding practice to maximise efficiency which are great for titles like software developers. 
Having great organisation also enables individuals to have more control over what they want to do especially with titles like being a graphic designer. Having goals and organising step by step on what they want to accomplish allows them to also efficiently plan out and design what they have in mind which is a great skill but not necessary for the completion of the task. 
Some top 3 general skills that are ranked but not a necessity includes being able to speak english, 
while theres different countries that provide similar opportunities, it is a great skill to have in order to communicate with other individuals and clients with english being a main language across the world. 
Another skill includes being articulate where while this isn’t necessary, being able to show that you can present any problems and ideas clearly is great for the success of tasks and bring your point across to other potential team members, clients, managers or boss. Where this skill within all job titles is great to have that are also demanded by employers but not required. 
The last skill can include building good team chemistry/relationship, where many IT titles require teamwork to complete group projects, 
this skill allows for individuals to work effectively as a team and efficiently complete the tasks that are allocated. 
Some IT skills that are highly rated and demanded by employers but not necessarily required in some job titles include customer service. 
Whilst appealing and understanding the clients needs is vital for the success of the business, it doesn’t necessarily affect the way the individual can successfully complete the task at hand. 
With job titles like data analysts, while it's great to understand what the client’s needs are, it sometimes can be a hindrance to how successful the task can be completed in a “professional” standpoint and also not a necessity in some titles. 
Business Process Management can also be a great skill to have, however it is not required for a majority of job titles. 
Having this skill allows for the ability to manage a business and also understand how the process behind that works which can be great for individuals that want to be more independent. 
This also is great for those working for a business, where understanding the needs of the company enables the individual to work towards the goals and aspirations that the company has. 
The last skill that can be great to have includes app development. While many titles don’t require this specifically, 
this can be great to expand the knowledge and skills that can be great for the business/individuals success with skills readily available to expand the field of knowledge and ability to cover more of the task at hand. 
The opinion of the different ideal jobs hasn’t changed as these skills are all required whether it is in the same industry or different. 
While the IT skills are different based on the different IT titles. 
However these can all be learnt one way or another and refined through practice and experience hence these ideal jobs haven't changed.

References:
1. Coursera. 2022. [online] Available at: <https://www.coursera.org/articles/key-it-skills-for-your-career> [Accessed 29 April 2022].
2. Doyle, A., 2021. Important Skills for Information Technology (IT) Jobs. [online] The Balance Careers. Available at: <https://www.thebalancecareers.com/list-of-information-technology-it-skills-2062410> [Accessed 29 April 2022].

Alvin: While we did manage to get the job done in the end, the group had its ups and downs especially through attendance. 
Everyone completed the work they were allocated in time before submission and were also very supportive and engaging to other concerns that other group members had.
The connection and bond developed very quickly through similar interests and coincidences. 
Communication was amazing especially with a bigger group and different schedules for each member. 
The major concern was the startup phase of the group development where it had to reach certain members or there were issues with facebook groups not receiving messages for certain members. 
Some members couldn’t attend meeting agendas due to conflicts with their schedules but manageable in the end. 
What was most surprising was that every member managed to complete the task they were allocated in the short amount of time and also the lack of communication in some areas. 
The one thing learnt within the group was how closely related/connected we all were through areas like friends of family or even living on the same block. 
The communication was there when needed and everyone was willing and able to help out and it is hard to first start off with making sure everyone is doing the work, attending meetings and allocating time to suit everyone's needs.

